---
title: Frequently Asked Questions
url: https://woocommerce.com/documentation/woocommerce/get-help/frequently-asked-questions/page/1/
---

## Documents

- [Frequently Asked Questions](https://woocommerce.com/document/frequently-asked-questions/) This page contains answers to Frequently Asked Questions related to WooCommerce, products sold on WooCommerce.com, and account management on WooCommerce.com.
- [Email and SMTP providers](https://woocommerce.com/document/email-smtp-providers/) This document aims to explain how email works, and also explains the role Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP) providers play in ensuring your WooCommerce store’s emails are delivered to your customers. Understanding how email works is a big part of keeping these emails running smoothly. Related documents for additional reference: How does email work? Imagine […]
- [Extension translations](https://woocommerce.com/document/extension-translations/) We are beginning to translate WooCommerce-owned extensions into multiple languages, starting with Spanish. Supported languages are highlighted on each product page, with country flags helping to identify whether the extension is supported in that location. We will not force vendors to provide translations of their extensions. If a vendor would like to provide translations of […]
- [PCI-DSS compliance and WooCommerce](https://woocommerce.com/document/pci-dss-compliance-and-woocommerce/) What is PCI-DSS? The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS) is a set of actionable rules established by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council (PCI SSC). Its primary goal is to promote consistent global data security practices and reduce credit card fraud. These rules apply to anyone who stores, processes, or transmits cardholder […]
- [SSL FAQ](https://woocommerce.com/document/ssl-faq/) Get answers to frequently asked questions about using secure socket layer (SSL) certificates with WooCommerce and WordPress. Is SSL set up correctly on my website? Use Qualys SSL Labs SSL Server Test to determine whether your website is configured correctly after installing an SSL certificate. This test also reviews and grades the security of your […]
- [WooCommerce guidelines for CBD and other hemp-derived products](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-cbd/) Scope of guidance These guidelines apply to sites hosted at WordPress.com or on Pressable. These guidelines apply to store owners who’d like to sell cannabidiol (CBD) and other hemp-derived products on a site hosted at WordPress.com or on Pressable. Products covered These guidelines apply to WordPress.com and Pressable-hosted stores selling any CBD and other hemp-derived […]
- [Abusive content on a store built with WooCommerce](https://woocommerce.com/document/abusive-content-on-a-store-built-with-woocommerce/) WooCommerce is a free, open-source software product that is available for anyone to download and use with their self-hosted WordPress site. While this means a lot of wonderful products are sold through our software, the open-source and distributed nature of WooCommerce means that there may also be stores using the platform for purposes that are […]
- [How to handle multiple regions and currencies with WooCommerce](https://woocommerce.com/document/handle-multiple-regions-currencies-woocommerce/) In a global age, there are a number of elements that play a role in selling in multiple currencies and languages. Here we discuss several of those.
- [WooCommerce and Highly-Regulated Products](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-highly-regulated-products/) This document focuses on whether WooCommerce can be used to sell products that are highly regulated and/or legally restricted. This includes products listed here, which are prohibited on WordPress.com but are permitted to some extent on our open source WooCommerce plugin, subject to the following guidelines. Can WooCommerce be used to sell highly-regulated products? Yes, […]
- [Built with WooCommerce – Did not get my order or refund](https://woocommerce.com/document/built-with-woocommerce/) Ordering something online and getting an email that the product is on its way is an exciting feeling. But what if you never receive what you ordered? Or are expecting a refund for a returned product? What if you changed your mind and now you want to cancel the order? Because we have no access […]

