---
title: Classic themes
url: https://woocommerce.com/documentation/woocommerce/store-design/classic-themes/
---

## Documents

- [Shortcodes included with WooCommerce](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-shortcodes/) WooCommerce has traditionally utilized shortcodes to add dynamic content and features to WordPress pages. With WordPress’s evolution toward the Gutenberg block-based editor, the focus has shifted from shortcodes to more interactive and visually integrated blocks. While the block editor offers interactively customizable blocks and enhanced editing capabilities, we recognize many stores still lean heavily on […]
- [WooCommerce Customizer — Manage Store Notice, Catalog View, and Product Images](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-customizer/) WooCommerce Customizer is part of WordPress > Customize and makes it possible to select options that apply site-wide for Store Notice, Product Catalog, and Product Images without touching any code. Where to find WooCommerce Customizer options From the WordPress dashboard, go to: Appearance > Customize. Next, in the Customize navigation menu, select WooCommerce: Configuration Options […]
- [Product Page and Product Images](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-customizer/product-page-and-images/) The WooCommerce Customizer includes a couple different display settings for the Product Page and Product images. On this page you’ll learn how to: Product Page The WooCommerce Customizer lets you choose how to display product pages. Navigate to Appearance > Customize > WooCommerce > Product Page, and you’ll find two display options for the product […]
- [Store Notice](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-customizer/store-notice/) The Store Notice menu in the WooCommerce customizer allows you to enter a site-wide message shown to everyone visiting your store. The message can be: On this page you’ll learn how to: Adding a Store Notice To add and display a store notice to your customers, follow these steps: Schedule a Store Notice Using the Schedule option […]
- [Checkout](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-customizer/checkout/) The WooCommerce Customizer has a few settings to change the appearance of the default WooCommerce checkout. If you are using the checkout shortcode you can set whether certain fields on the checkout form are required or optional. If you are using the Checkout Block (default for all new WooCommerce installs), you’ll see a link directing […]
- [Related Products, Add-to-Cart, and Notification Shortcodes](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-shortcodes/related-products-add-to-cart-and-notification-shortcodes/) On this page are shortcodes for adding a related product section, an add-to-cart button with price, and showing shop messages/notifications on non-WooCommerce pages. Listed below are each shortcode and their attributes. Related Products If you want to show the related products (products with similar tags or categories) on a single product page to encourage cross-sells/up-sells […]
- [Troubleshooting shortcodes](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-shortcodes/troubleshooting-shortcodes/) On this page, you’ll find a few common reasons why WooCommerce shortcodes may not work as expected. Shortcodes cannot be embedded between <pre> tags If your shortcodes are correctly pasted but display incorrectly, ensure they are not enclosed between <pre> tags. To remove these tags, edit the page, and click the Text tab: Incorrect quotation […]
- [Product Category Shortcodes](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-shortcodes/product-category/) These two shortcodes will display your product categories on any page. Available Product Category attributes Examples of Product Category Scenarios Show Top Level Categories Only Imagine you only wanted to show top level categories on a page and exclude the sub categories, well it’s possible with the following shortcode.
- [Product shortcodes](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-shortcodes/products/) While WooCommerce primarily uses blocks to offer interactive and customizable display settings for products, you can still use legacy product shortcodes on your store by adding them to a shortcode block. This document lists and explains the available WooCommerce product-related shortcodes. The [products] shortcode is one of WooCommerce’s most robust shortcodes. It allows you to […]
- [Product Catalog](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-customizer/product-catalog/) The WooCommerce Customizer allows you to set the general configuration of your product catalog. This page explains: To edit the product catalog settings, navigate to Appearance > Customize > WooCommerce > Product Catalog. The next few sections of this page will explain each of these settings in more detail. Shop Page Your Shop Page can […]

