---
title: Troubleshooting
url: https://woocommerce.com/documentation/woocommerce/get-help/troubleshooting-get-help/
---

Not sure where to start? Check out our [Troubleshooting Guide](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-self-service-guide/)to read about common issues and their solutions.

## Documents

- [Get tailored help fast with Woo’s AI Assistant](https://woocommerce.com/document/get-help-woo-support-ai-assistant/) Right here, right now, and (almost) always right WooCommerce.com’s AI support assistant isn’t your typical bot! Our AI-powered assistant searches our library of WooCommerce-related information to intelligently answer any type of question you may have as you use WooCommerce. WooCommerce’s AI support assistant is ideal for getting quick and detailed help with questions you have […]
- [WooCommerce self-service guide](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-self-service-guide/) WooCommerce troubleshooting and conflict testing are useful for finding out why your site is having problems. Have an issue with your WooCommerce store? We aim to help you solve it. Most common issues Most issues are caused by: Outdated software Keeping software up to date helps protect your website against hacking. The latest versions of […]
- [Troubleshooting using Health Check](https://woocommerce.com/document/troubleshooting-using-health-check/) The Health Check & Troubleshooting plugin is useful for troubleshooting problems on your WooCommerce site, particularly those related to plugin and/or theme conflicts. It allows you to do several tests in a browser session, without affecting visitors to your live site. However, keep in mind that, given a particular combination of plugins, themes, and hosting […]
- [Email troubleshooting](https://woocommerce.com/document/email-faq/) In some cases, issues can arise that prevent your WooCommerce store from sending emails, or your shoppers from receiving them. This guide aims to tackle common email problems related to WooCommerce stores, with clear steps to diagnose and resolve these issues. By default, WooCommerce sends mail using the wp_mail() function, a core function of WordPress. […]
- [Troubleshooting Core Shipping](https://woocommerce.com/document/troubleshooting-core-shipping/) Last updated July 18, 2025. This guide helps store owners resolve problems with built-in shipping features in WooCommerce. Use the steps below to troubleshoot incorrect rates, missing methods, or unexpected checkout behavior. What this guide covers This guide focuses on issues with shipping options included in WooCommerce core: The guide also provides guidance on where […]
- [Troubleshoot PHP errors](https://woocommerce.com/document/troubleshoot-php-errors/) PHP is a popular scripting language that powers many websites, including those created with WordPress. It runs on your web hosting server and allows your website to perform complex functions — such as processing form submissions, managing user sessions, and interacting with databases. How to find PHP errors To find PHP errors on your WordPress site, […]
- [Troubleshoot “My site is down”](https://woocommerce.com/document/troubleshoot-my-site-is-down/) WordPress sites occasionally go down; this guide is meant to help you get started with troubleshooting. This is when your site can no longer load or respond properly to requests due to an error. How do I know if my site is down? You may be seeing any of the following: How do I troubleshoot my […]
- [Troubleshoot AJAX issues](https://woocommerce.com/document/troubleshoot-ajax-issues/) Asynchronous JavaScript and XML (AJAX) is a web development technique used to create interactive web applications. With AJAX, web applications can send and retrieve data from a server in the background without disrupting the display and behavior of the current page. This means parts of a web page can be updated without needing to reload […]
- [Troubleshooting shortcodes](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-shortcodes/troubleshooting-shortcodes/) On this page, you’ll find a few common reasons why WooCommerce shortcodes may not work as expected. Shortcodes cannot be embedded between <pre> tags If your shortcodes are correctly pasted but display incorrectly, ensure they are not enclosed between <pre> tags. To remove these tags, edit the page, and click the Text tab: Incorrect quotation […]
- [Troubleshoot JavaScript errors](https://woocommerce.com/document/troubleshoot-javascript-errors/) JavaScript errors can interfere with essential WooCommerce functions like product displays, checkout, and form submissions. This guide shows you where to find these errors and how to troubleshoot them. What is JavaScript? JavaScript is a programming language that runs directly in the browser, not on the server. This allows it to respond quickly to user […]

