---
title: Customizing your store
url: https://woocommerce.com/documentation/woocommerce/store-design/block-themes-store-editing/customize-your-store/
---

Check these guides for explanations on how to customize the different sections of your WooCommerce store. Note that many of these details only apply when your site is using a block theme.

## Documents

- [Customizing your product catalog](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-store-editing/customizing-shop-page-catalog/) With store editing, you can build shop pages exactly the way you want by editing your Product Catalog templates and customizing the layout and styles using blocks within the site editor. In this document, we cover the templates and blocks included in WooCommerce for managing and customizing your catalog pages. Beyond the main shop page, WooCommerce […]
- [Customizing Your Product Pages](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-store-editing/customizing-product-pages/) Product pages are the most detailed view your customers will get of your product before deciding whether to buy it. Depending on what you’re selling you may want to give as much information as possible to help your buyers make the right decision, or keep things straightforward for a tight conversion funnel. With WooCommerce Store […]
- [Customizing the Cart and Checkout Pages](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-store-editing/customizing-cart-and-checkout/) The Cart and Checkout pages are a critical part of the shopping experience. The WooCommerce Cart and Checkout blocks provide customers with a seamless process for reviewing and finalizing their purchases in a low-friction way that maximizes conversion. Here we cover the templates and blocks associated with these pages along with details around upgrading to […]
- [Customizing the Order Confirmation Page](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-store-editing/customizing-order-confirmation-page/) The “Thank you” page your shoppers see after placing their order, otherwise known as the “Order Confirmation page” provides customers with peace of mind by confirming their order details after a purchase. Here we explain the template that WooCommerce uses on block themes to display this page, and outline the structure of the blocks that […]
- [Coming soon page template](https://woocommerce.com/document/configuring-woocommerce-settings/coming-soon-mode/customising-coming-soon-template/) The Coming Soon page template in WooCommerce is fully customizable through the Site Editor, allowing you to modify its design to align with your brand. You can adjust colors, fonts, and layout, ensuring that your coming soon page reflects your store’s identity while maintaining an engaging appearance. New Coming Soon Designs in WooCommerce 9.8+ WooCommerce 9.8 […]
- [Product Filters block](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-store-editing/customizing-shop-page-catalog/filter-products/) Effective product filtering improves the shopping experience by allowing customers to easily find the products they need and proceed to checkout without unnecessary delays. WooCommerce now offers the Product Filters block to streamline this process, enabling shoppers to filter products in your store’s catalog. The Product Filters block provides a fast, seamless experience, where filters […]
- [Mini-Cart block](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-store-editing/customizing-cart-and-checkout/mini-cart/) The Mini-Cart block is added to the site header of many block themes by default. It gives customers a way to quickly view and edit their cart contents from any page on your store. This guide explains the functionality of the Mini-Cart block and provides instructions for customizing its appearance and behavior to ensure a […]
- [WooCommerce Blocks: Local Pickup](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-store-editing/customizing-cart-and-checkout/checkout-block/woocommerce-blocks-local-pickup/) Local Pickup in Blocks is a new enhanced delivery method that allows you to easily offer one or more pickup locations to your customers. We’ve made it easier for you to setup local pickup options by providing a new, simple to use Local Pickup settings page. This new method provides a streamlined customer experience by: […]

