---
title: Troubleshooting
url: https://woocommerce.com/documentation/woocommerce/get-help/troubleshooting-get-help/page/2/
---

Not sure where to start? Check out our [Troubleshooting Guide](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-self-service-guide/)to read about common issues and their solutions.

## Documents

- [Troubleshoot payment errors](https://woocommerce.com/document/troubleshooting-payment-errors/) Troubleshooting payment errors can depend on the payment gateway you are using and how it is set up or might be specific to your site or customer. WooCommerce comes with a number of built-in payment options and you can also see the payment gateways available in the WooCommerce.com Marketplace. Common errors and their causes When […]
- [HTTP and response codes](https://woocommerce.com/document/http-and-response-codes/) When managing a website, understanding HTTP and response codes is helpful for ensuring your site runs smoothly. HTTP (HyperText Transfer Protocol) forms the backbone of how users and sites communicate data over the web. Whether you’re browsing a website or managing your own, every interaction on the internet involves HTTP requests and responses. HTTP codes […]
- [Completed Order Email doesn’t Contain Download Links](https://woocommerce.com/document/completed-order-email-doesnt-contain-download-links/) On some WooCommerce installs you can experience the following issue: when a customer purchases a downloadable product, the Complete Order Email doesn’t contain any download link for the customer to download purchased products. Here is how the email looks like in that case: While it should look like this: Missing SQL Table This happens because a […]
- [Finding PHP error logs](https://woocommerce.com/document/finding-php-error-logs/) PHP error logs can be useful when investigating an issue with a WordPress and WooCommerce site. This guide will provide steps and information about how to access PHP error logs within WooCommerce or on a hosting server. WooCommerce logs WooCommerce features a logging system accessible in WP Admin via WooCommerce > Status > Logs, which […]
- [Problems with large amounts of data not saving (variations, rates etc)](https://woocommerce.com/document/problems-with-large-amounts-of-data-not-saving-variations-rates-etc/) If you notice product variations, tax rates and other large data sets not saving, Suhosin (a security module in PHP) may be preventing the POST data from being saved. This issue can also be caused by servers with version PHP 5.3.9+ and servers running mod_security. Configuring Suhosin If enabled, Suhosin may need to be configured […]
- [Endless loading/spinner on the checkout page](https://woocommerce.com/document/endless-loadingspinner-on-the-checkout-page/) The ‘review order’ page loads the payment methods/totals via AJAX – this display a loading spinner briefly. If there are problems, this section may fail to load or the spinner may remain. First, you should check WooCommerce > Status for errors – often errors will be highlighted. Common causes and resolutions are listed below. AJAX […]
- [jQuery.cookie.js/jQuery.cookie.min.js scripts fail to load](https://woocommerce.com/document/jquery-cookie-fails-to-load/) This is a problem with the server-setting, meaning that your hosting company will need to solve this on your behalf. The problem is outdated MOD_SECURITY core ruleset. Option 1: Get your host to update the rule set This is by far the best option as everything will then work as by design. Contact your hosting […]
- [Cross-browser testing your site](https://woocommerce.com/document/cross-browser-testing-your-site/) Testing your WooCommerce website across multiple browsers is essential to ensure a seamless shopping experience for your users, regardless of their preferred device, browser, or location. By conducting cross-browser testing, you can identify and resolve compatibility issues that may affect the functionality, appearance, or usability of your site. Why is cross-browser testing important? Different browsers […]
- [Understanding Box Packing Calculations](https://woocommerce.com/document/understanding-box-packing-calculations/) Many of our premium shipping methods, especially those that calculation shipping costs via the carrier’s API, have built-in Box Packers that determine which box or envelope is the best fit for all the items being purchased. How Box Packers work: Box Packers look at the dimensions of available boxes/envelopes (using the “Inner” dimensions, if specified) […]
- [Online Shipping Calculators & Debug Mode](https://woocommerce.com/document/online-shipping-calculators-debug-mode/) If shipping costs provided by your WooCommerce installation are higher or lower than what you expect, we recommend enabling the debug mode within the shipping plugin settings section that you are using. Once this option is enabled, add a product to cart and in most cases you will see useful information on the cart page […]

