---
title: Getting started
url: https://woocommerce.com/documentation/woocommerce/getting-started/page/2/
---

Everything you’ll need to get your online store up and running. From installation to managing orders — our guides can help with configuring WooCommerce to work for your business.

## Documents

- [Start with WooCommerce in 5 Steps](https://woocommerce.com/document/start-with-woocommerce-in-5-steps/) In this Getting Started guide, we teach you how to set up a website with WooCommerce. Choose Hosting See Official WooCommerce Hosting page for our recommendations. Use a Different Host and Install WordPress If you choose another host instead of WordPress.com you can use the free WordPress software platform. Many hosting companies have one-click WordPress […]
- [WooCommerce Coming soon mode](https://woocommerce.com/document/configuring-woocommerce-settings/coming-soon-mode/) Coming soon mode lets you control the visibility of your site while it is under construction. This feature is managed via the Site visibility tab in WooCommerce settings and provides flexibility and control over who can access your store during the setup phase. Enable / disable Coming soon mode As of WooCommerce 9.1, Coming soon […]
- [WooCommerce REST API](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-rest-api/) The WooCommerce REST API is a powerful tool for connecting your WooCommerce shop to external systems and resources. Unless you’re a developer, in most cases the integration you’re working with will only require you to generate API keys for you to enter in their system, and you’ll be connected to the external service! This document […]
- [Choosing the Right Theme](https://woocommerce.com/document/choosing-the-right-theme/) Choosing the right WooCommerce theme will naturally be largely subjective. “Beauty is in the eye of the beholder” as they say. But beauty is only skin deep. Here are some tips to consider before choosing a theme for your store. Check out our full list of themes ↗ Aesthetic Don’t just search for a theme which […]
- [Translating WooCommerce](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-localization/) WooCommerce is already translated into a few languages and is translation-ready out of the box. All that is needed is a translation file for your language, which is automatically installed for the languages on this list by changing the site’s language. On this page you’ll learn: Set up WordPress in your language The first step to […]
- [Home Screen](https://woocommerce.com/document/home-screen/) WooCommerce Home is a dashboard where you can see your store performance, get useful tips, insights to grow your business, and quickly access the most important areas where you manage your store. Display Settings A panel named Display, in the upper-right corner of the home screen, allows you to adjust the home screen layout. You […]
- [Connect your store to a WordPress.com account](https://woocommerce.com/document/connect-your-store-to-a-wordpress-com-account/) A WordPress.com account acts like a passport for your WooCommerce store, connecting it to powerful services from WordPress.com and Automattic. These include: Creating an account If you don’t already have a WordPress.com account, use the connection screen to create a new account. Enter your email address and click the Continue with email button, or continue with […]
- [Installing and Uninstalling WooCommerce](https://woocommerce.com/document/installing-uninstalling-woocommerce/) Overview WooCommerce can be installed and uninstalled the same as any other WordPress plugin. The Setup wizard provides an optional step for installing and fully configuring WooCommerce. Take a moment to review the server requirements before installation, or you may encounter issues when using WooCommerce. If you need a new host or don’t have one yet, […]
- [Importing WooCommerce Sample Data](https://woocommerce.com/document/importing-woocommerce-sample-data/) Right after installing WooCommerce, your store may look empty — no products, orders, reviews. This is intentional so you can get started creating your own products and setting up WooCommerce exactly as you need. But maybe you’d like to see what a store full of sample products looks like. If so, we’ve got some data […]
- [WooCommerce pages not displaying](https://woocommerce.com/document/pages-not-displaying/) If you are having trouble with WooCommerce pages not installing or displaying content correctly, here’s how you can fix this: Note: This document does not cover every imaginable case. We recommend reviewing our troubleshooting guide to determine whether there is a conflict on your site. WooCommerce pages updated to endpoints Before WooCommerce 2.1, individual pages […]

