---
title: Orders
url: https://woocommerce.com/documentation/woocommerce/orders/
---

## Documents

- [Refunding Orders in WooCommerce](https://woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-refunds/) In any business, at times you’ll need to refund your customers. With WooCommerce, you can quickly process refunds in two ways: Automatically or Manually. Automatic refunds When processing refunds automatically, the order in WooCommerce has its status changed to “Refunded”, and the customer is refunded their money via the same payment method used to pay […]
- [Removing personal data from orders](https://woocommerce.com/document/managing-orders/removing-personal-data-from-orders/) WooCommerce has several settings that allow you to remove customer data from orders: Remove personal data using bulk editing Once this option is activated, you can use bulk editing to manually anonymize many orders at once. To enable this option: The option to remove personal data will then be available for orders. Once personal data […]
- [Order Statuses](https://woocommerce.com/document/managing-orders/order-statuses/) Every order has its current state marked by a status. Order statuses can provide valuable information about the state of an order at a glance. The video and table below provide an overview and more details about order statuses in WooCommerce Order Statuses in WooCommerce Order statuses let you know how far along the order […]
- [Orders Overview and Bulk Order Management](https://woocommerce.com/document/managing-orders/overview-and-bulk-management/) The Orders page found at WooCommerce > Orders displays a list of your store’s orders, which fills up as customers start making purchases in your shop. This page is a central location for finding and managing your shop’s orders. This document explains: Orders Overview When a shop starts taking orders, they can be found on […]
- [Single Order Page and Manually Adding an Order](https://woocommerce.com/document/managing-orders/view-edit-or-add-an-order/) The single order page in WooCommerce gives you a detailed view of an order made by a customer on your store. Admins and shop managers can also add and edit orders from this page. This document explains: Viewing and Editing a Single Order From the Single Order page, you can view edit, and update order data. Some […]
- [Paying for Orders](https://woocommerce.com/document/managing-orders/paying-for-orders/) Taking payment for an order is an important step where many pieces come together to offer your shoppers a smooth, easy experience that is also secure and promotes customer privacy. In WooCommerce, each order can only accept one payment. Orders can be paid in a several different ways: Below we’ll explore the details of the […]
- [Managing orders](https://woocommerce.com/document/managing-orders/) Orders are the center of activity in your store. Understanding how to manage them effectively is key to keeping your business running smoothly. The following documentation is your guide to managing orders in WooCommerce. It is designed to assist administrators and shop managers in navigating through the various aspects of order management. Orders are visible […]
- [Testing orders](https://woocommerce.com/document/managing-orders/testing-orders/) Creating test orders is an effective way to evaluate a new payment method, review your checkout process, and assess other order-related integrations. They can also be useful for troubleshooting issues. Like regular orders, test orders can trigger order emails and appear in WooCommerce analytics, among others. Many payment gateways offer a sandbox or testing mode […]
- [Troubleshooting Orders](https://woocommerce.com/document/managing-orders/troubleshooting-orders/) Order-related challenges in WooCommerce, such as pending payments, inventory mismanagement, or incorrect order statuses, can disrupt your store’s functionality and customer experience. This guide simplifies the troubleshooting process, helping you identify common issues such as orders stuck in “Processing” or “On Hold” status, duplicate orders, or stock discrepancies. Order Status Issues If you are not […]
- [Creating WooCommerce add-to-cart URLs](https://woocommerce.com/document/quick-guide-to-woocommerce-add-to-cart-urls/) Below, we’ll cover how to create specific, clickable links that add a product(s) to your customer’s cart via custom URLs. Using this URL or link, you can add items to the cart, specify the quantity, and even redirect to another page. Finding your product ID Add-to-cart URLs require the WooCommerce product ID to work. You […]

