---
title: Store settings
url: https://woocommerce.com/documentation/woocommerce/site-admin/store-settings/page/1/
---

## Documents

- [Configuring WooCommerce settings](https://woocommerce.com/document/configuring-woocommerce-settings/) When you go to WooCommerce > Settings in your site’s WP Admin dashboard, you’ll notice tabs relating to the different kinds of settings available: General settings You’ll find your store’s general settings in WP Admin at WooCommerce > Settings > General. These settings include your store’s location, where you’ll sell and ship orders, what to […]
- [General settings](https://woocommerce.com/document/configuring-woocommerce-settings/general/) From your store’s general settings page, you can enter your business address, define the regions you will sell and ship orders to, enable tax calculations and coupons, and select the currency your shop will use for sales. You can access and edit general settings via your WP Admin dashboard by navigating to WooCommerce > Settings. […]
- [Shop currency](https://woocommerce.com/document/shop-currency/) Currency settings WooCommerce has several currency options to choose from when setting up your store. This document will guide you through the following: Setting a store’s base currency Each WooCommerce store can set one base currency. This currency will be displayed throughout your store and is the currency in which you will be paid. To […]
- [Products Settings](https://woocommerce.com/document/configuring-woocommerce-settings/products/) The Products Settings on WooCommerce > Settings > Products control how products are displayed, measured, inventoried, and downloaded from your shop. Below you’ll find a general overview and explanation of the settings. If you need more information about adding and managing products, see our Adding and Managing Products documentation. The products settings are split between […]
- [Product Reviews](https://woocommerce.com/document/product-reviews/) Product reviews are a powerful tool for online conversions and establishing loyal relationships with your customers. WooCommerce allows customers to create reviews with star ratings and for the shop owner to moderate and reply to customer reviews. Studies show that a product review, or a recommendation from another shopper, has a large effect on a […]
- [WooCommerce Product Editor settings](https://woocommerce.com/document/managing-products/product-editor-settings/) Every product in your store can be edited at any time to update pricing, description, imagery, etc. On this page, you’ll learn about each of the settings in the product editor and how to edit each one. Which settings are in the WooCommerce Product Editor? The Product Editor can be found by navigating to Products […]
- [Email Settings](https://woocommerce.com/document/configuring-woocommerce-settings/emails/) WooCommerce has a variety of built-in emails to help communicate your store’s operations. This guide provides a detailed overview of the email settings in WooCommerce, including: Find these settings on your site at: WooCommerce > Settings > Emails. Email Notifications For each WooCommerce email listed, it’s possible to configure your settings (optional). More detailed instructions […]
- [Accounts and Privacy Settings](https://woocommerce.com/document/configuring-woocommerce-settings/accounts-and-privacy/) Clicking on the Accounts and Privacy tab at the top of the WooCommerce > Settings page takes you to the accounts and privacy Settings. These settings are where you can enable or disable guest checkout, control customer account creation, decide how personal data is retained or removed from your shop, and set your privacy policy […]
- [Advanced Settings](https://woocommerce.com/document/configuring-woocommerce-settings/advanced/) The “Advanced” settings area is where you set WooCommerce pages like the cart and checkout, create access tokens to integrate external applications with the REST API, add custom webhooks to your store, and enable new or experimental features like high performance order storage and the new product editor. Find them at: WooCommerce > Settings > Advanced. […]
- [MaxMind geolocation integration](https://woocommerce.com/document/maxmind-geolocation-integration/) The free, core WooCommerce plugin enables store owners to automatically geolocate customers to display tax rates and shipping methods specific to their location. To determine this, WooCommerce integrates with MaxMind GeoLite2 geolocation data. This document covers: Enabling geolocation To enable the MaxMind geolocation integration: Once geolocation is enabled, you’ll need to create a MaxMind account […]

