---
title: How-to guides
url: https://woocommerce.com/documentation/woocommerce/site-admin/how-to/
---

Helpful guides for your WooCommerce store.

## Documents

- [Accessibility Tips for WooCommerce Store Owners](https://woocommerce.com/document/accessibility-tips-for-store-owners/) Overview While WooCommerce provides accessible foundations, store owners play a key role in creating an inclusive experience. This page offers tips and best practices for improving the accessibility of your store’s content, design, and customizations. In many parts of the world, ecommerce stores are legally required to meet accessibility standards. Making your store accessible not […]
- [How to update WooCommerce](https://woocommerce.com/document/how-to-update-woocommerce/) Updates to WooCommerce, WordPress, extensions, themes, and payment gateways are a fact of life. Our team is hard at work, releasing updates that add new features, improve security, fix issues, and, in general, make your store better than ever. But how do you update WooCommerce without causing issues? We’ll cover a few of the common ways below. […]
- [Use FTP to manage your WooCommerce site](https://woocommerce.com/document/use-ftp-to-manage-your-woocommerce-site/) FTP (File Transfer Protocol) is a method to transfer files between a client and a server over the internet or a local network. In the context of managing a WordPress site, such as those running WooCommerce, FTP allows you to upload, download, or modify files directly on your web server. This can be particularly useful […]
- [Import and export a site database](https://woocommerce.com/document/import-and-export-a-site-database/) WordPress uses a database to store all the content and settings for your WooCommerce store in a structured format. It organizes data into tables, each dedicated to different types of information such as products, customers, and orders. This organization allows for efficient data management, which can help you to easily store, retrieve, and update your […]
- [Backing up WordPress content](https://woocommerce.com/document/backup-wordpress-content/) Each store powered by WooCommerce and WordPress has two places where its data and content are stored: So, how should you safeguard your content and keep it backed up? Automatic backups The most efficient and reliable approach is to use an automated backup service; we recommend Jetpack VaultPress Backup. By using Jetpack Vaultpress Backup, you’ll benefit from: Manual […]
- [Search your WooCommerce site database](https://woocommerce.com/document/search-your-woocommerce-site-database/) Searching the WordPress database on your WooCommerce site can help you quickly find and manage important information, like product details, order histories, and customer data. Where does your site database store WooCommerce information? In your WooCommerce database, specific tables organize and store key information. Here’s a quick look at where to find essential data: Some […]
- [Configuring caching plugins](https://woocommerce.com/document/configuring-caching-plugins/) Excluding pages from the cache Oftentimes if using caching plugins they’ll already exclude these pages. Otherwise make sure you exclude the following pages from the cache through your caching systems respective settings. These pages need to stay dynamic since they display information specific to the current customer and their cart Excluding WooCommerce session from the […]
- [Disable plugins without admin access](https://woocommerce.com/document/disable-plugins-without-admin-access/) Normally, you can disable plugins — including WooCommerce — on your WordPress site from the Plugins > Installed Plugins section of your admin area. If you can’t access this part of your site’s admin area for any reason, there are other ways to disable plugins. Disable plugins with file manager or SFTP Changing the name […]
- [Email authentication and sender requirements](https://woocommerce.com/document/email-authentication/) This document explains what email authentication is, its requirements, and how you can implement it to ensure your store’s emails are successfully delivered. In this digital age, where online transactions and communications are central to our lives, the integrity of email correspondence is more important than ever. Authenticating outbound emails from your WooCommerce store verifies to […]
- [Hooks, actions and filters](https://woocommerce.com/document/actions-and-filters/) Hooks, actions and filters are powerful tools that allow you to modify and extend the capabilities of your WooCommerce site without altering the core code. This document will give you a brief overview of these and an example of how to apply them to your WooCommerce site. What are hooks? Hooks are a broad category […]

