---
title: How-to guides
url: https://woocommerce.com/documentation/woocommerce/site-admin/how-to/page/2/
---

Helpful guides for your WooCommerce store.

## Documents

- [Troubleshoot payment errors](https://woocommerce.com/document/troubleshooting-payment-errors/) Troubleshooting payment errors can depend on the payment gateway you are using and how it is set up or might be specific to your site or customer. WooCommerce comes with a number of built-in payment options and you can also see the payment gateways available in the WooCommerce.com Marketplace. Common errors and their causes When […]
- [How to update your PHP version](https://woocommerce.com/document/how-to-update-your-php-version/) PHP is the most popular server-side scripting language, powering millions of websites including most WooCommerce stores. If you arrived at this page from the notice in your WooCommerce store, your store is running an outdated and unmaintained version of PHP. Not only is your website’s performance (a lot) lower than it should be, you may find […]
- [HTTP and response codes](https://woocommerce.com/document/http-and-response-codes/) When managing a website, understanding HTTP and response codes is helpful for ensuring your site runs smoothly. HTTP (HyperText Transfer Protocol) forms the backbone of how users and sites communicate data over the web. Whether you’re browsing a website or managing your own, every interaction on the internet involves HTTP requests and responses. HTTP codes […]
- [The .htaccess file](https://woocommerce.com/document/the-htaccess-file/) The .htaccess file is a configuration file used on web servers running the Apache software. It’s important because it helps manage how your website behaves. For instance, you can use it to set up URL redirects, control access to your site’s files, and enhance security measures. Here’s why the .htaccess file is crucial for your […]
- [Understanding the WordPress wp-config.php file](https://woocommerce.com/document/understanding-wordpress-wp-config-php-file/) The wp-config.php file is a core configuration file for WordPress. It contains essential settings that allow your website to connect to its database and function properly. This file is created when you first set up WordPress, and it stores information such as: You’ll find the wp-config.php file in the root directory of your WordPress installation. […]
- [WordPress functions](https://woocommerce.com/document/wordpress-functions/) In WooCommerce and WordPress, functions are blocks of code that perform specific tasks on your website, like displaying posts or adding products to a cart. They streamline complex processes, making your website run more efficiently and consistently. By using functions, you can avoid repeating code, keeping your site’s backend clean and manageable. Think of functions as […]
- [Connect your store to a WordPress.com account](https://woocommerce.com/document/connect-your-store-to-a-wordpress-com-account/) A WordPress.com account acts like a passport for your WooCommerce store, connecting it to powerful services from WordPress.com and Automattic. These include: Creating an account If you don’t already have a WordPress.com account, use the connection screen to create a new account. Enter your email address and click the Continue with email button, or continue with […]
- [WordPress nonces](https://woocommerce.com/document/wordpress-nonces/) The term “nonce” stands for “number used once.” It is a security measure used to ensure that a specific request or submission cannot be reused maliciously. This one-time number helps protect websites from various types of attacks, such as forgery, by making sure each transaction or session is unique and temporarily valid. Why do sites […]
- [Creating WooCommerce add-to-cart URLs](https://woocommerce.com/document/quick-guide-to-woocommerce-add-to-cart-urls/) Below, we’ll cover how to create specific, clickable links that add a product(s) to your customer’s cart via custom URLs. Using this URL or link, you can add items to the cart, specify the quantity, and even redirect to another page. Finding your product ID Add-to-cart URLs require the WooCommerce product ID to work. You […]
- [Installing and Uninstalling WooCommerce](https://woocommerce.com/document/installing-uninstalling-woocommerce/) Overview WooCommerce can be installed and uninstalled the same as any other WordPress plugin. The Setup wizard provides an optional step for installing and fully configuring WooCommerce. Take a moment to review the server requirements before installation, or you may encounter issues when using WooCommerce. If you need a new host or don’t have one yet, […]

