---
title: How-to guides
url: https://woocommerce.com/documentation/woocommerce/site-admin/how-to/page/3/
---

Helpful guides for your WooCommerce store.

## Documents

- [Guidelines – Refund and Return Policy Page](https://woocommerce.com/document/refund-policy-page-guidelines/) This page provides helpful guidelines for creating an effective Refund and Return Policy for your WooCommerce store. It covers essential topics such as the importance of having a clear policy, noting items that can or cannot be refunded, deciding who pays return shipping charges, and setting customer expectations for refund timelines. Additionally, it mentions legal […]
- [Importing WooCommerce Sample Data](https://woocommerce.com/document/importing-woocommerce-sample-data/) Right after installing WooCommerce, your store may look empty — no products, orders, reviews. This is intentional so you can get started creating your own products and setting up WooCommerce exactly as you need. But maybe you’d like to see what a store full of sample products looks like. If so, we’ve got some data […]
- [Creating Sharable Checkout URLs in WooCommerce](https://woocommerce.com/document/creating-sharable-checkout-urls-in-woocommerce/) Sharable Checkout URLs make it easier to share ready-to-buy bundles with a coupon code through email campaigns, social media, or landing pages. Below, we’ll cover how to create custom links that automatically add specific products and coupons to the cart then, redirect customers to the checkout page. You can include simple products with no additional […]
- [How do I prevent and respond to card testing attacks?](https://woocommerce.com/document/how-do-i-prevent-and-respond-to-card-testing-attacks/) Card testing is a type of fraud where the someone obtains a large amount of stolen credit card data, and then attempts to determine which of those cards are valid. Typically, these fraudulent attempts involve making a multiple low-value purchases, each with a different card, to avoid detection by cardholders or banks. If the purchase […]
- [How to configure specific tax setups in WooCommerce](https://woocommerce.com/document/setting-up-taxes-in-woocommerce/configuring-specific-tax-setups-in-woocommerce/) The tax scenarios in this document are step-by-step guides that show how to configure specific tax setups in WooCommerce. They provide all the steps needed to achieve a particular outcome but without going into detail. Due to the uniqueness and variety of stores out there, the scenarios are not exhaustive and for illustration purposes only. […]
- [Updating WooCommerce](https://woocommerce.com/document/updating-woocommerce/) You can choose to update WooCommerce with one click or manually update it. One-Click Update Be sure you’ve read and understand how to update your site, then come back to your live site to update.. Back up your live site. Go to: Dashboard > Updates within WordPress. If there is an update, you’ll see WooCommerce in the list of plugins/themes to update. […]
- [How To CHMOD the cache folder](https://woocommerce.com/document/how-to-chmod-the-cache-folder/) In order for the image resizer to be able to show resized images, it needs to have permission to store the resized files in a cache folder. This folder is located in your theme folder for example: wp-content/themes/freshnews/cache/. To allow the image resizer to write to this folder, you have to CHMOD the cache folder. What […]
- [SSL, HTTPS, and WooCommerce](https://woocommerce.com/document/ssl-and-https/) This document gives an overview of the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS), explaining their importance for securing your WooCommerce store. You’ll learn how to set up a free or paid SSL certificate on your site, and why they are essential for protecting customer data and boosting trust. Our aim with […]
- [Update PHP and WordPress](https://woocommerce.com/document/update-php-wordpress/) To optimize your WooCommerce store’s performance and security, it should be running the minimum supported versions of PHP and WordPress. This keeps your business running smoothly and creates the best online experience for customers. WooCommerce Minimum Requirements PHP versions less than 8.1 and MySQL versions less than 5.6 no longer receive active support, many versions […]
- [Find Product Category IDs](https://woocommerce.com/document/find-product-category-ids/) Some WooCommerce shortcodes ask for the category ID to display a list of categories. This document shows how you can locate the ID for your product categories. More info at Shortcodes included with WooCommerce. Better yet, consider using the blocks included in WooCommerce alongside a theme that supports full site editing. To find the product category […]

